Document config in plan file for http backend (#29519)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/settings/backends/http.mdx

taken, 200: OK for success. Any other status will be considered an error. The ID of the holding lock
info will be added as a query parameter to state updates requests.

> ~> **Warning!** It is highly recommended that you supply sensitive or dynamic configuration to the HTTP backend via environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **Warning!** We recommend using environment variables to supply sensitive or dynamic configuration to the HTTP backend. If you use `-backend-config` or include the values directly in HCL, Terraform will [store these values in plain-text in plan files](#configuration-cached-in-plan-files).
```

> Supplying values to the backend using either `-backend-config` or in HCL directly will result in these [values being stored in plain-text in plan files.](#configuration-cached-in-plan-files)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
